# R-Club-spsurvey-and-sample-surveys
Data and Scripts For Presentation to FWCC R club 091421.  

This repository contains two r projects, 1) FDEP grts site selection for 2021 sample survey of small streams (2021 Stream selections.Rproj), and 2) the analyses of the small stream sample survey completed in 2020.  

The 2021 Stream Site Seletions project contains the files necessary to run spsurvey's grts function for random site selectios of Florida's streams.  Files include the script necessary to generate the random site selections (2021 Stream selections.r), the r markdown script doing the same (2021 Stream Selections.rmd), and the necessary shapefile containing the GIS coverage of linear line segments comprising Florida's perennial steams as defined in the design document for the FDEP Status and Trends http://publicfiles.dep.state.fl.us/dear/DEARweb/WMS/Reports_Docs_SOPs/Design_Docs/WMS-MonitoringDesignDocument.pdf - Cycle15_SmallStreams_Coverage. There is also an HTML output of the r markdown script. 

The 2020 Stream analysis project contains the files necessary to run data analyses on the sample data generated from the randomly selected sites for the 2020 stream sample survey.  These include SS20_Results.csv and SS20_Sites.cvs.  The script to run the analyses is titled 2020 SS script.r, the associated r markdown file is titled 2020 SS Analyses.rmd.  The output of the markdown file is the html file titled 2021 SS Analyses.html.

Any other files found in this repository were generated by these two projects.
